Forgot, hahah
I forgot. Would you want to check out like those like weird like main cafe places?
Yeah, I know.
We should have gone more to one of those um those animal cafes though.
Well, I have didn't do an update, ohh my foot got messed up, that's why.
yeah
mmm
Yeah. Well, it didn't help that like
We didn't have a clear idea about what your your parents wanted to do and stuff, right?
Oh yeah, I wasn't supposed to go. I forgot about that.
Wait, how did I end up boring?
Ohh No, the strike happened
Yeah, the strike
ahaan
Yeah Yeah, so then the strike happened.
And then I wasn't working.
Han?
No, That's where I bought my ticket.
yeah yeah yeah
yeah
No, I wasn't expecting the strike but...
I don't know. I don't remember.
Ohh, That's it. Leave the show early. yeah yeah yeah
yeah
What's that?
Yeah, I finished Howlin' Harper and like, all of that's right.
yeah yeah yeah yeah
That's why it was howling hard for me. I I didn't know when it will end and stuff like that.
Yeah. Actually...
yeah I skipped out before I can even return the truck so I can go
Yeah yeah yeah, so I miss like maybe like two days, right?
So I think the next time we go and we know where we're going, we'll plan it out better. yeah
yeah
There's a lot of places I want to go to um. I'll go that way too.
No, no I haven't been.
You most of what you're, you probably don't remember.
yeah
Yeah, transfer France. yeah, I definitely want to go.
yeah but man i don't know looking at the recent like youtube videos
You though They look like they're getting hammered.
Like off more like the off the beaten path thing those are hard to find
It's a like?
Nooo
Okay. It's not the
Okay. It's not the foreigner picking it up, but it's the egg.
Exporting?
Well, that's that's good for Japan
Yeah.
Oh one hand's, okay.That's not bad.
Because we're not. Because for us, one can's plenty.
Yeah yeah , and the price is go up
that's true yeah, yeah Japan
wasn't do yeah
Yeah, mm yeah in Japan only yeah. Because you know, something like that happens here.
Yeah you get scalpers buying as many as possible to sell for like
yeah yeah
Yeah, that's true yeah um
Yeah, and I mean you've never been to Okinawa either, huh?
right
She hit all of them up.
And then you you know how you send me that thing where if you fly a JAL to Japan?
Yeah, Domestic violence.
And I'm sure there's limits, you know, because like, let's say like, go there for a month.
And every other day you're like...
May be, may be, but even then that's pretty cool
Yeah, But how is expensive though?
Okay, I have no idea about domestic, but as far as like
Vice in Japan, they're the most expensive. yeah yeah
If they're the most expensive, then A&E is the next most expensive.
And then everybody else is stupid.
Yeah, cricket, yeah
But when they have a good deal though, it's cheap.
yeah
Yeah yeah, it's a lot cheaper. It's always a lot cheaper that way.yeah
you